docs: add flow user guide (#954)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/continuous-aggregation/query.md

# Write a Query

This chapter describes how to write a continuous aggregation query in GreptimeDB. Query here should be a `SELECT` statement with either aggregating functions or non-aggregating functions (i.e., scalar function).

Only two kinds of expression are allowed after `SELECT` keyword:
- Aggregate functions: see the reference in [Expression](./expression.md) for detail.
- Scalar functions: like `col`, `to_lowercase(col)`, `col + 1`, etc. This part is the same as the normal `SELECT` clause in GreptimeDB.

> Then each query should have a `FROM` clause to specify the source table. The referenced source table should be one in the flow's source tables in `CREATE FLOW` clause. Join is currently not supported so each query can reference only one table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query should have a `FROM` clause to identify the source table. As the join clause is currently not supported, the query can only aggregate columns from a single table.
```
